Project 2 Review Blog:
================
Michael Bradshaw
2023-07-08

### What would you do differently?

I think I was too focused about automating the code and should have
waiting longer to finish all the modeling before proceeding with
automation, as the instructions specified.

### What was the most difficult part for you?

The automation part was tricky for me. The notes were helpful, but
making sure the render code linked to the .RMD file was the part I
struggled with. In particular making sure the paramaters were correct.It
took me some time to troubleshoot and make sure everything was working
as intended

Additionally, I kept thinking I was doing something wrong becuase I was
expecting the models to do a better job at modeling the shares variable.
It took me awhile to convince myself that the predictors are simply
fairly weak at predicting shares. I thought the tree models would be
significantly better than they were.

### What are your big take-aways from this project?

The automation of markdown reports in the biggest thing I will take away
from this project. The ability to generate reports automatically will
prove invaluable in future projects and save considerable time and
effort.

Additionally, I learned that the predictive performance of different
models can vary, but in this particular case, they were all relatively
similar in predicting the shares variable. This was a bit disappointing,
but it highlights the importance of thoroughly evaluating and selecting
the appropriate models for a given task.

[Link to my ST558 Project 2 github pages
repo](https://github.com/mikebrad140/ST558---Project-2)

[Link to my ST558 Project 2 non-github pages
site](https://mikebrad140.github.io/ST558---Project-2/)
